Add minimum required configuration examples (#1168)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.0/reference/handlers.md

## Handler examples

### Minimum required pipe handler attributes

{{< highlight json >}}
{
  "type": "Handler",
  "api_version": "core/v2",
  "metadata": {
    "name": "pipe_handler_minimum",
    "namespace": "default"
  },
  "spec": {
    "command": "command-example",
    "type": "pipe"
  }
}
{{< /highlight >}}

> ### Minimum required tcp/udp handler attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Minimum required TCP/UDP handler attributes
```

> _NOTE: This example is a `tcp` handler. Changing `tcp` to `udp` gives you the minimum configuration for `udp` as well_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example of a `tcp` type handler. Changing the type from `tcp` to `udp` gives you the minimum configuration for a `udp` type handler. 
```
